Grids: add a note about filtering and data type (#6983)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/filterOperations.md

  </tr>
</table>

> [note] Filter row operations depend on the column [data type]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/#dataType). If a column starts with empty values, {WidgetName} cannot assign the data type automatically. You need to assign the column data type manually for filter row to function correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] Filter row operations depend on the column [data type]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/#dataType). If a column starts with empty values, {WidgetName} cannot assign the data type automatically. You must assign the column data type for the filter row to function correctly.
```
